Add deployment update test documentation (#2284)
Azure/iotedge: test/connectivity/README.md

6. After forwading each message in relayer, it reports result to Test Result Coordinator (#6).
7. All messages should contain tracking id, batch id and sequence number.  Sequence number should always start at 1 in loadGen.

Network offline/online should not affect this test result since Edge hub stores all messages when offline and resumes back once get back online.

#### Deployment Update Test

![Connectivity Test Diagram](./images/ConnectivityTest_DeploymentUpdate.png)

1. DeploymentTester1 is in host network, while DeploymentTester2 is in Azure-IoT-Edge docker network.
2. DeploymentTester1 starts updating target module (DeploymentTester2) deployment by adding new environment variables after pre-defined warm-up period.
3. DeploymentTester1 sends updated deployment of DeploymentTester2 to IoT hub (#1).
4. After updating target module deployment, DeploymentTester1 will report result to Test Result Coordinator (#2).
5. Edge Agent will get updated deployment of target module from IoT hub (#3); and deploy module with updated environment variables (#4).
6. When DeploymentTester2 starts up, it will get all environment variables and report to Test Result Coordinator (#5).

> When network offline, route#3 will not be happened.  But once get back online, Edge Agent should be able to get latest updated deployemnt and deploy DeploymentTester2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When network goes offline, route#3 will not happen.  But once the network comes back online, Edge Agent should be able to get the latest updated deployment and deploy DeploymentTester2.
```
